1 - docker compose UI

3 - chunkSize should be defined in user config file. affects stream.go and streammultiplexer.ts

4 - for docker logs we could use real streaming?????

5 - for service logs we could use real streaming?????

6 - Notifications!!!! See notifications.md

9 - right now hash can be reproduced if build from same code base. We need to make this time and machine specific??????

10 - fix indexer status check and calls.

11

Issues Found (7 minor)
Medium Priority:
Goroutine sync bug in HandleExecStream - could cause premature completion
Template placeholder substitution - no shell escaping (low risk, manifests are trusted)
Low Priority: 3. Goroutine leak risk in HandleDbusStream (minimal impact) 4. Missing ANSI code stripping in DBus responses (inconsistency) 5. No timeout validation in manifests 6. Signal name matching has unreachable fallback logic 7. Symlink validation missing in module install







Improve the app update feature to give more feedback (like unraid) -DONE
Remove gin - DONE
use quantum filebrowser as our main navigator - DONE
when we login we must also add the user to filebrowser - DONE
filebrowser header should contain sessionid - DONE
destroy the filebrowser config file after we create the container - DONE
when the bridge does cleanup we also must kill the PTY session - check when is needed - DONE
websocket should be persistent - DONE
For main programa startup no config file should be needed... DONE
bridge socket and bridge binary should not have the sessionid written - DONE
Sync theme between filebrowser and global app2. - DONE
Update user config files locations for theme (after login) - We should only have 1 config file. that file should only exist after login... - DONE
Separate the bridge and server code - DONE
Optimize number of api calls when changing theme - DONE
Implement a Global API for GET methods only with general info - DONE
Bridge upon receiving exit command should cancel ongoing works - DONE
Wireguard Testing and lasthandshake - DONE
If session is garbage colected the bridge must exist as well - DONE
Test Multiple Users - DONE
Make sure we check the hash or some sort of validation when running the bridge binnary. We have to make sure that file is not replacable. - Done
Multiplex over Single Connection - DONE
Updates - Make it more responsive. Use d-bus streaming with websocket? - DONE